README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Steerable discovery of neural audio effects 

[Christian J. Steinmetz](https://www.christiansteinmetz.com/)  and  [Joshua D. Reiss](http://www.eecs.qmul.ac.uk/~josh/)

 [![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2112.02926-b31b1b.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.02926)  [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csteinmetz1/steerable-nafx/blob/master/steerable-nafx.ipynb)  [![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-Demo-blue)](https://csteinmetz1.github.io/steerable-nafx)
 [![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/steerable-nafx)

<br>

<img src="docs/steerable-headline.svg">

</div>

## Abstract

Applications of deep learning for audio effects often focus on modeling analog effects or learning to control effects to emulate a trained audio engineer. 
However, deep learning approaches also have the potential to expand creativity through neural audio effects that enable new sound transformations. 
While recent work demonstrated that neural networks with random weights produce compelling audio effects, control of these effects is limited and unintuitive.
To address this, we introduce a method for the steerable discovery of neural audio effects.
This method enables the design of effects using example recordings provided by the user. 
We demonstrate how this method produces an effect similar to the target effect, along with interesting inaccuracies, while also providing perceptually relevant controls.

</div>

## Citation

If you use steerable-nafx in your work please consider citing us.

```bibtex
@inproceedings{steinmetz2021steerable,
        title={Steerable discovery of neural audio effects},
        author={Steinmetz, Christian J. and Reiss, Joshua D.},
        booktitle={5th Workshop on Creativity and Design at NeurIPS},
        year={2021}}
```

* Accepted to the [NeurIPS 2021 Workshop for Machine Learning for Creativity and Design](https://neuripscreativityworkshop.github.io/2021/)

Commit message:

modifications to the original with new readme.md

README.md, after:


# Forked from: Steerable discovery of neural audio effects 

[Original Repository](https://csteinmetz1.github.io/steerable-nafx)

```bibtex
@inproceedings{steinmetz2021steerable,
        title={Steerable discovery of neural audio effects},
        author={Steinmetz, Christian J. and Reiss, Joshua D.},
        booktitle={5th Workshop on Creativity and Design at NeurIPS},
        year={2021}}
```

This forked repository contains:

[00 - Dataset Analysis](00-DatasetAnalysis.ipynb)
An analysis of the dataset, with plots, statistics, and the audio feature extraction to create the metadata.

[01 - Pre-Processing](01-PreProcessing.ipynb)
This is the pipeline to convert a subset of the dataset into audio file in order to be used with the baseline model.

[02 - Training Comparison](02-TrainingComparison.ipynb)
First training of the baseline model with different parameters and the converted subset of the Spring Reverb dataset.

[03 - Spring Dataset](03-SpringDataset.ipynb)
The Pytorch class to load the Spring Reverb dataset and some analysis of the loaded data as verification of the correct loading. 

[04 - Testing the Baseline](04-TestingBaseline.ipynb)
Testing the baseline model with the Spring Reverb dataset, no conversion to wav, the entire dataset is used and an evaluation of the results is performed.
